what is up welcome in today's and he
explained I'll be covering the brutal
2015 sci-fi horror circle following 50
strangers who are about to be killed
they have to pick one person to survive
and this brings out the worst in them
lies backstabbing and murder where no
one is safe not even a child so in this
video I will explain everything what
happened in the ending
did the baby vote what was the aliens
goal in much more but more importantly I
will teach you how to beat the circle in
case you end up there what would you do
if you found yourself locked in a room
you can't move and someone dies my vote
every two minutes you are going to win I
start with the recap of the movie if you
have seen the movie before and you here
for the explanations and my theories go
to this timestamp on screen now but if
you want a quick sermon before then this
is circle so we see this dark room and
it's filled with 50 people in a circle
they're standing around but in a deep
sleep that's when this teenage girl
wakes up and she looks terrified and has
no idea what is going on and she should
be terrified wait till she finds out how
she got there and what's about to happen
so she starts trying to do different
things and we find out through her
actions some of the rules of this place
rule number one do not step off your
circle and rule number two do not touch
anyone if that's when this man spots her
and he tells her to stop because they
can see them we see something that looks
like a camera or an orb rising up from
the floor
the teenage girl tries to get more
answers from this guy but he doesn't
know anything else
good well at least she's following his
advice except then another woman wakes
up and she's screaming help help
ignoring the guy who's telling her to
calm down and then zap she steps off her
circle and gets shocked with this red
lightning dropping dead bleeding from
her eyes that's a 1 but don't spend too
much time feeling sorry for her an alarm
goes off lights come on and all 47 other
people start to wake up and everyone's
trying to figure out what the hell is
going on
the sky sees a dead woman and freaks out
accidentally stepping off a circle and
Wham that's - that guy from earlier
tells everyone to freeze whoever is
watching them can see if they move so
they should stand still which brings us
to rule number three don't lift your
feet off the ground and now we start to
hear this countdown sound go off every
couple of seconds but why that's only
guy who got zapped earlier suddenly
raises his hand into the air showing
this glowing circle on his palm before
he's dragged away into the darkness as
if someone was pulling on his hand it
alarm rings from somewhere and the group
sees his camera orb in the center of the
room building up this electric red glow
inside of it and then it goes dead quiet
remember that guy who was explaining
everything he goes okay now and wail he
gets zapped and that's three down and
now unsurprisingly everyone's losing
their doggone mind at this point and if
you blink if I miss it but there's this
guy in the back row who turns and is
talking quietly to this woman on his
left a small detail but it pays off
later good news is someone's figuring
things out there's this Asian kid who
begins turning his hand as he stares at
these arrows on the ground that start to
move lighting up or darkening as he
turns his hand the arrow reaches a very
innocent looking woman when he closes
his fist
aníbal pow we've done them before so it
turns out these lights on the ground are
controlled by everyone's hands everyone
can see their own arrow and when they
close their fists whoever that arrow is
pointing at gets their vote to die so
they vote through all of your tell case
you guys already killed someone okay
that's five so the group agrees everyone
keep your hands open nobody votes except
yeah somebody does and the kantha starts
again and give you another one down but
this time with a vengeance because
someone wanted to her dead and that's
six so the good news is the remaining
group starts to make sense of things
like someone suggests they vote for the
dead woman again and I'm sure this guy
wouldn't mind the group agrees and
another guy goes down
so that means he either had the second
most votes around or he had the most
votes so far in that seven down so they
try again having nobody votes 10 seconds
go by Ron wolf an unnamed woman gets it
guess that means rule number seven is if
nobody votes if in ten seconds a random
person gets killed
weirdly well everyone is obviously upset
by this failed attempt there's this one
guy who kind of likes it huh eight down
so no matter what happens
someone's going to die and all they can
do is choose but fear not finally
someone knows what to do the coach guy
yells everybody quiet because he's got a
plan hopefully things will go better now
anyway this guy thinks they should kill
all the old people cuz there's like a
minute or two between each round and if
they do that they have more time to
figure out what's going on but the
people really aren't comfortable with
this especially those over 70 believe me
they ain't thrilled but everyone gives
in and they vote for the oldest man
first going clockwise after him making 9
10 and 11 now during that time they
actually managed to figure some things
out this is one guy Eric who remembers
that he was stuck in traffic in the
freeway trying to get out of the city
people around him are starting to recall
that's right le has been invaded by
aliens and everyone tried to get the eff
out at the same time desperate people
got out of their cars and they started
running and that's when the spaceships
pulled him up Eric says and then
everything went dark but that he
suddenly has more to say adding on that
he woke up in this dark room full of
bodies stacked on top of each other
maybe alive maybe dead there was also
another guy there who was awake a human
who isn't in this room right now
anything after that is a bit of a blur
and he thinks he might have been gassed
cuz last thing he remembers he woke up
here makes you wonder if there are more
circles out there so the group keeps on
killing old people next up is this guy
who's trying to buy himself some time by
making up stories of what he saw
that's 12 it up next is this older woman
who says she's 52 and is a cancer
survivor but who cares right college
guys sure doesn't it could come back
though and people are not cool dad I'm
43 you're gonna kill me next oh I guess
that means it's College guys time to go
and that's 13 anyway let's speed things
up a little yeah so people start dying
left and right
14 tries to introduce yourself she works
in HR nope you gotta go
it'll wooden walks the plank and that's
15 then the group comes together to save
an illegal immigrant and kill an asian
girl instead a criminal will beat his
girlfriend dies next and then a woman in
a HUD job have to really talked up until
now so that's 16 17 and 18
turns out the cow was a racist go figure
so he's gone and next they tried to
arrange a one would per person round but
someone does it play along and they kill
the annoying guy who keeps counting down
from 10 every round 19 and 20 oh and
they also discover rule number 9 you
can't vote for yourself but we're about
to learn something new do you remember
this guy
when the group orchestrates this one
vote per person round again these guy
goes after the pregnant woman but Erik
catches this in votes for him they both
get voted on twice and it's a tie which
brings us to rule number 10 ties are
resolved to tie breakers
Erik explains what happened people gang
up on this creep good riddance
21 now he must have been realizing that
this whole thing is kind of like a game
we're only the last person standing
survives in that the most sympathetic
person will last until the end so the
best strategy for someone unsympathetic
like him is to get rid of those people
first the pregnant woman and a little
girl in Erik realized this except he's
determined to do the right thing and
fights to protect them and also people
are starting to wonder what happens in
the last round when only two people are
left won't they end up dying there is
only one way for someone to win in that
case if the other person doesn't vote
and it's obvious to everyone that either
the pregnant woman
or the little girl are going to be the
last ones standing instantly making them
targets and a tie of the little girl
causes the quite woman to become number
22 and then this guy becomes number 23
then we see some noble acts by the pilot
Shawn and the foreign woman who become
numbers twenty four five and six rest in
peace you honorable lions so more
arguments start cropping up like why are
they here which leads to numbers 27 and
28 the younger the atheists being sent
to heaven then the group tries to
rethink how to approach the whole voting
thing which has the teenager from the
beginning becoming number 29 and the
lawyer is number 30 the black couple who
he found out were having an affair
Bruce and Suzan the doctor gets zapped
tonight I they just sign up to vote so
they go down together making 31 and 32
and this introduces rule number 11 if
two people are stuck in a tie in no one
votes both people will die well this is
definitely gonna have consequences for
the final round the Asian kid in the
translator die next number 33 and 34
with the group split between trying to
protect the pregnant woman and a little
girl versus those who want them out of
the circle so that they themselves have
a better chance this ends up with these
really tense lightning rounds with a
migrant sacrificing himself and the rich
man the one-armed man and the
african-american man going next thirty
five six seven and eight then we find
out that the married couple were lying
to survive they don't even know each
other which means Craig figured out that
this was a selection from the start oh
and then he blames his fake wife for
coming up with this plan
what brah we saw you talk to her man we
know you're lying man what if I Craig's
fake wife decides to split up with him
39 and the lesbian Christine and he
can't survive her along with a soldier
get knocked down on this five wait I
40 41 42 43 Malta I kill but the bearded
man escaping by the skin of his teeth
and this guy's a character this guy's
been leading the group to kill off the
pregnant woman and a little girl he's
been making promises left to right
brokering deals and gah
during empathy but the only guy that
stands out to him who says you know
where I stand he still wants to protect
the little girl and the pregnant woman
so the Deacon offs himself before the
fake wife or the bearded man gets out
who finally gets tricked by Eric 44 45
46 followed by the southern man who
apparently has never voted or spoken
this entire time huh good strategy 47
leaving Eric the little girl and the
pregnant woman with everything that's
happened the trio talk about why they're
here maybe it's that experiment a way to
study humans and understand us whatever
the reason it doesn't matter because
it's time Eric will sacrifice himself
and one of the two need to do the same
and the little girl agrees to give up
her life for the baby's sake so she
steps off in just the moment Eric is
encouraging her he shows his true colors
and he quickly votes for the pregnant
woman they both die instantly 48 49 only
Eric is left standing alone be Victor of
a circle except there's one more
contestant the pregnant woman's baby
it's a tie the countdown begins but we
don't see what Eric does he just wakes
up back on earth or he sees a group of
other people mostly pregnant women and
children looking up at the UFOs in the
sky now let's get into the explanation
I'm going to first explain the circle
and why it was created then explain how
the ending worked with a tiebreaker in
the baby from there I'll answer
questions like what happened to the
other circles who are the people Eric
saw why only four people died in the
five way tie and more after that I'm
gonna hit you with some seriously
mind-blowing alternate theories and then
drop it up I'm going to teach you the
strategies for beating the circle so
what's of the circle the road has been
invaded by aliens like Eric said and
everyone freaked out after seeing UFOs
and tried to escape the city only to get
sucked up into the spaceships this is
confirmed initially by people a green of
Eric's memories and then at the end of
the movie when we actually see the
spaceships but the million-dollar
question is why are the aliens doing
this
what's happening here clearly is the
population is being cut down and the
aliens are searching for a specific kind
of person like Eric screams at the end
what I'm not good enough for you
feels like the aliens are looking for
someone he figured that out right from
the beginning I think there are three
main possible reasons why they are
selecting like this number one is for
entertainment number two is that they
only want to keep around humans of a
specific trait and number three is a
great filter which I'll explain in a bit
if the aliens are doing this for
entertainment
maybe the circles are a form of reality
TV like the TV show Survivor where the
goal the circle is to be the last one
standing the circle might be a show
streamed across the universe watched by
quadrillions of aliens I mean this show
has to be really popular for it to work
production budget alone would be huge
line item number one cost of invading a
planet and why he had almost all of its
people I guarantee there are a lot of
viewers placing bets on who wins and who
dies to make the showrunners some extra
cash on the side all the elements for a
game show are their camera contestants
drama schemes quirky characters and the
grand prize being left alive with the
contestants having chips put into their
hands to help the show staff monitor
them and move their dead bodies notice
how I pointed out in the summary that
they were being pulled away by hand
first
like the chip itself is a magnet
dragging them out as a way to make sure
people realize their rules the aliens
have a plant inside the circle someone
who would tell the contestants a few
rules before getting killed off this
explains why the guy in the beginning
knew a little bit of how the circle
works he was there to help them figure
out this place only to get killed to
keep the drama high as much as his
theory makes sense there's something
that the bunks this the director of the
film Mariama shown a said in a reddit
AMA that he was interested in the aliens
as something more he wanted to imply
that there's a bigger purpose for the
circles and that the aliens being
sadists is boring in cliche which brings
me to reason number two for the aliens
doing this if the aliens are doing this
to find a person with a specific trait
then the circles are a way for them to
find that person
but what trait are they looking for you
know why are they letting us choose
as far as traits go some of the aliens
could be looking for is cleverness maybe
in the aliens culture being clever is
the best trick that have or as hell in
high esteem as a way to bring this
cleverness out they force different
species that being these circles the
trying outsmart other people there and
find the cleverest person on them all
maybe their own society is really brutal
like baby sharks eating each other in
the womb and so they respect seeing that
in others and their culture values that
kind of viciousness very highly as for
why they let us choose who lives and
dies it's a way to give people the
chance to outsmart each other
tricking people the stepping off circles
getting the group to single out one
person getting people to not vote for
you among other things that show off how
clever you are
but maybe the trait that the aliens are
looking for is selflessness and the
aliens are trying to find another
species that isn't selfish maybe being
merciful and kind is like an ideal that
the aliens want others to practice that
end they set up circles and try to see
if humans can't be selfless able to give
up their lives for the sake of others if
that's the case then the actual winners
of the circle are those who sacrifice
themselves and step off their circles
does this reasoning hold up I would say
it doesn't one reason why I think that
is because the test goes against this
idea of being virtuous if the aliens
really thought being selfless a merciful
was a good thing they would realize that
forcing people into the circles is cruel
it's the opposite of merciful secondly
it goes against the desires of the
director who suggests the aliens have a
bigger reason for doing this and this
reason doesn't how much going for it
besides aliens are trying to see if
humans can be selfless there has to be a
great reason to invade another planet
kill almost every single member of his
species and then leave them alone this
brings me to the final reason for the
circles the great filter I propose the
aliens want us to evolve to be prepared
for a huge challenge which requires the
kinds of people that would win the
circle this reason not only being grand
but not sadistic as the director
intended and what grander purpose is
there but to help another species beat
the great filter now the great filter is
this thing
and events a process or a factor that
stops life from evolving and getting to
a point where it can't leave its planet
before it goes extinct it serves as an
explanation for why we haven't seen any
aliens yet in our galaxy the great
filter stops them from reaching us an
example of a great filter in fiction are
the Reapers from mass effect who would
harvest any species that use Mass Effect
technology unlike the Reapers the aliens
in our movie are trying to help us
advance they know the reed filter needs
people who can make and live of hard
choices so they create the circles where
people have to make our choices very
quickly or else they will die
this not only trains people to make our
choices it also finds someone who can do
that and survive once every circle is
done the winners are sent back to earth
to repopulate the planet a mixture of
men women and children who will raise
and lead a new generation who will be
ready to beat the great filter when the
time comes in basically circle winners
we see at the end it makes perfect sense
a few men can impregnate many women but
few women can't have the babies of many
men so having mostly women and a few men
is the perfect ratio if this is what the
aliens are trying to achieve and on to
that there are also kids there so that
way there is enough genetic diversity in
the population and everyone doesn't end
up being each other's cousins I'm
looking at you have slugs don't say
you're not watching you it's unfair it's
cool but it does serve a purpose finding
that person who can live with the guilt
this explanation makes a lot of sense as
it explains why the winners are left on
earth that big purposely circles as a
director intended and Eric's reaction at
the end of the film he realized this
leap process of elimination and when
he's left alone in the circle he cries
out what it might not good enough for
you
Eric is clearly very sick and
manipulative but even he is taken aback
for a second and is confused with the
result until he realizes that he's in a
tie with the baby maybe even in that
moment he hesitates feeling the guilt of
what he's about to do being in a tie
they somehow survives that was that
possible time to explain the ending and
what happened with the tiebreaker the
only reason Eric was able to beat the
tie at the end of the movie is because
the baby
didn't vote this was hinted at earlier
in the film from the group asks what
happens when it comes down to people
they figure that someone must abstain to
let someone win now because we don't
hear a voting sound go off at the end
the circle forces the baby and Eric into
a tie they didn't vote for and since two
people stuck in a tie will die if no one
votes Erik breaks the tie by voting for
a baby who didn't vote at all this is
why he makes that face at the end he
killed a baby to get out and maybe even
he feels guilty about it now if babies
also count as a person in the circle
did they pregnant women kill their kids
no they didn't this is because babies
don't start out as their own person they
start out as a part of their mom's
circle if a mother tried voting for her
own baby she'd be voting for herself
which is impossible since that's against
the rules
so all those woman who got out of those
spaceships or still pregnant and I think
about it if you count a baby there are
actually 51 people in the circle not 50
kind of like area 51 but hold on to that
thought later guys before that there's
something that doesn't add up there are
only a few spaceships spread out here
and there in the sky and meanwhile la
has a huge population every square mile
has a seven and a half thousand people
crammed in in LA if every person in LA
was in a spaceship there should be a lot
more spacious the whole sky would be
filled with spaceships but there are
only a few and on top of that in the
group of final survivors Eric sees at
the end there are mostly pregnant women
and children it seems like every circle
have the same mix of people I'm talking
one pregnant woman one child one cop one
lawyer one doctor and so on so I think
this means that the aliens are just
keeping those people they need for
circles in killing everybody else most
of the people in the world were wiped
out as soon as the aliens invaded and we
can figure out how many people they
killed think about it there are at most
85 million circles if all the circles in
the world are set up by Eric's then they
have at least one
pregnant woman and since there are only
85 million pregnant women in the world
who aren't pregnant on the first circle
there would be 85 million circles as
well just in united states alone we've
got four million preggers
that means at most four million circles
in the US but we can narrow it down even
further
the US has sixteen million cancer
survivors 20 million felons 1.4 million
lawyers 700,000 cops in 600,000 pilots
as her soldiers the US Marine Corps has
only 60,000 sergeants if it's actually
one copper circle we're talking at most
700,000 circles if it's one Marine
Sergeant per circle and none for the
other military branches we're talking
60,000 circles at most 50 people per
circle that's only 3 million people who
made it that far in the u.s. that's 1%
of the population it's a nice round
number just the sort of thing in alien
who would think of this sort of thing in
the first place would do so that means
99 out of 100 people were wiped out in
the initial invasion damn other
questions you might have before I get
into the area 51 theory and the other
theories let's answer some questions
what about the other circles if the
number of pregnant women and children is
any sign most other circles chose
pregnant women and children to survive
until the end and didn't have someone
like Eric win but we do see a guy who
probably won in a similar way but what
happens with the survivors I think the
aliens leave them alone so we build any
populate ok next let's get into how the
five way tie worked this is a big one
before the five way ties begins there
are 11 people by 10 people vote because
the sound man doesn't this means each
person in the tie was voted for twice
two votes traversing makes a tie simple
enough and this is who I think voted for
who and the first time based on their
expressions but then the second round of
voting comes and we hear 7 votes but
four people die this is where can get
complicated so guys I'm going to explain
this who voted for who with these next
seven votes with none of the math
so the final tally is braided man has
one vote the lesbian cancer survivor and
Christine have three votes and the
soldier has zero but get zapped anyway
because he didn't vote
why does Bruce vote in the no vote round
there's a round of voting or nobody
votes but we see Bruce clenches hand
voting for this woman why would he do
that now I said that someone wanted her
dead with a vengeance think about it all
we know about this guy is that he's the
one who had an affair with Susan the
doctor and yet the movie specifically
takes a moment to show us that he votes
when no one is supposed to it has to be
somehow related to the only information
we have about him he's a cheater in an
adulterer could it be that this woman
was his wife and he was taken in as an
opportunity but the odd thing about this
is a few minutes earlier when there's a
lot of confusion
you can catch Bruce sailing out Susan
Susan in all the commotion would he
really do that if his wife was right
there if not I think there may be a more
mundane reason for choosing her strategy
not only killing sone before he gets
killed but choosing someone who isn't
distinct like someone in the back row so
on unnoticed unimportant and unmourned
why do a few people wake up early I
think this has to do with the timing of
the invasion it's never said when people
began getting taken to the UFOs but I
think that man number one the teenage
girl and the woman number one welcome
early because they were the first ones
abducted if the aliens did gas the
people they took the first people taken
should wake up first this makes sense
since that way their bodies had more
time to process the gas that knocked him
out well top of that when the teenage
girl asks the first man where are we he
replies where do you think he means the
UFO and the alien invasion that happened
in LA something that the others don't
even think of until 7 minutes after they
wake up this makes me think that the
first man was one of the first people to
get abducted or that they weren't gassed
as much
waking up early enough that he had time
to think about where he was and
happen or that their memory wasn't
harmed as much by being gassed less
another reason why could be that they
were released early and getting woken up
by the implant in their hands that way
the aliens can see if the people taken
or working right
like how companies will do a test to see
if a product they made works for example
seeing if a batch of phones will turn on
if the people woke up fine then they
could proceed to do the circle if not
then the circle might be paused until
the problem is fixed which brings me to
my next question did Eric change his
story halfway through was Eric line
about what he saw I think he was lying
it's suspicious that at first she says
and then everything went dark before
adding on that he was pulled up into the
ship and woke up in this dark room in
also he's the only one who remembers
anything about this room you have more
than 40 other people there and yet
nobody else remembers any of that I
don't believe it but the thing that
makes it believable is that he started
with the truth of the other people
confirm before telling a lie
that's why he did that he was leveraged
if you looked like he knew what was
going on people would see him as useful
that way they wouldn't vote him off it
was all a part of his long-term strategy
to be the only survivor in a group of 50
that 51 and that brings me back to an
earlier point what if this is a
reference to area 51 prepare yourselves
for the government did it there are no
aliens theory first off what is area 51
in 1955 the government about a facility
called homie Airport or groom lake in
Nevada officially this was a place where
the United States Air Force were
building and testing super advanced
aircraft and weapon systems for the
military unofficially there's always
been rumors surrounding area 51 about it
being a place where top-secret research
was done on he would phos UFOs that
crash landed in Roswell and were taken
to area 51 whether or not this is true
pop culture has run with it with video
games movies and TV shows going wild
with the concept using it as a minor
plot point or a major factor in the
story even though it's well known No
really knows why it's called area 51 the
CIA claims it's due to its map
designation but what if it was actually
named for a top-secret operation to
build UFOs to kill American citizens as
part of a population control program
with the 51 meaning the 51 people per
circle but why would the government want
to control the population it could be a
way to get rid of people with bad genes
or ethnic in the past as part of
eugenics program people with
disabilities a criminal past or from a
specific race were sterilized in the US
this led to more than 60,000 Americans
getting their tubes tied and to this day
this is still going on in some countries
especially in prisons another reason for
doing this is to make it less likely
that resource shortages will happen in
the near future since a bigger
population uses more fuel more food and
more resources overall this has happened
in the past in other countries like
China in India which made policies and
rules that try to shrink the population
India sterilized their people in China
made the one-child policy third reason
why a government would do this would be
to do a false flag operation blaming
someone else for something they did
blaming aliens for doing this attack
would hide the true purpose of the UFOs
to cut down the population and it's not
as crazy as I might sound as in 1962
there was a real false flag operation
called Operation Northwoods it was a
plan by the US government to attack
American cities and Cuban migrants
attacks that would be blamed on the
Cuban government and given the u.s. just
cause for going to war of Cuba it was
never used but it was shown to President
John F Kennedy who said it was a stupid
idea
either way this sets up a national
crisis that the president would have to
solve with a domino effect on society
both in America and worldwide you'd have
other world governments trying to plan
around UFOs and searching the skies for
aliens I don't exist you would unite the
American people increase the defense
budget among many other things its
impact will be comparable to 9/11 where
something like air travel had to been
overall to be more anal and strict in
response which brings us to drumroll
please how to beat the circle picture
this you wake up in a dark room standing
on top of a glowing circle the air
smells like sweat you can hear the hum
of machinery you can taste the fear in
the air in a countdown begins you my
friend are in a circle and if you want
to beat it you must have a plan so I'm
going to teach you six ways that play
and stack the deck in your favor each
strategy getting better and better as we
go but it's still up to you to choose
your strategy now remember just because
you saw Eric survive at the end doesn't
mean he won most likely Eric did win he
survives his circle by being cold yes
but maybe there's a better option for
those who are virtuous and good at heart
maybe you actually win by sacrificing
yourself in the aliens take you
someplace that we don't get to see in
the movie it sounds unlikely but if that
sounds like you my first two strategies
or based on this strand on the BAMF this
one is about sacrifice plain and simple
if the circle is testing to see how
selfish you are
you pick this one you win all you got to
do is step up your circle which will be
terrifying but if the circles testing to
see if you can sacrifice yourself you're
gonna win although it's a bit of a
gamble moving on to the next strategy
the stoic maybe you want to be good and
you think it's right to be good but
you're not ready to step off quite yet
you want to last a few rounds and see
how this plays out now since you can't
become invisible this is the next best
thing all you got to do is keep quiet
and not vote this one works for the
silent man and to be honest I forgot he
was there sometimes so this strategy
will take you through the circle but
it's not foolproof you might get picked
either randomly or when there's less
people around by a group so definitely
don't choose to save you stand out plus
some solid types are targeted because of
discrimination like the woman in the
hood job or for showing weakness like
crying or annoyingly cutting down so
keep that in mind - strat number 3
survivor so just like the TV show team
above people stab them in the back and
you should be good see how the bearded
man built quick connections asking the
lesbian if she wants your kid again
or asking the pregnant woman if it's a
boy or a girl step one do that get them
to trust you and then step to betray
them and you should be good unless your
charisma fails or someone like Eric is
there to trick you
in which case be on the lookout for guys
like that hit an alpha and take them out
before they take you out now this is a
good one for surviving till the end
since you can get a lot of people to
take out the others before betraying
them but this strategy is a hard intense
game to play you'll need to keep active
and keep up a good act round after round
so there's a few risks there risks that
some strategies don't have strata number
four the sympathy vote this one's easy
you get people to leave you alone by
using something you have like a baby
your youth a family a spouse that sort
of thing and if you make it loud and
clear early on that you have one of
these things people should leave you
alone for a while just don't get caught
if you're lying because that never ends
well otherwise this one's a pretty good
strategy for being the last one standing
try number five beater this is the
second best one out of the bunch since
this is the one that Eric uses and it
obviously works but it's built on six
things one know what's going on or at
least look like it that way people
aren't likely to vote for you because
you're useful to protect the weak
if you save people you look like a good
guy which makes people think twice about
voting for you plus when you betray
someone they'll never see it coming
three look friendly let me don't come
off as mean or imposing because I just
makes people want to vote for you in
other words do not act like the banker
dude for be observant watch out for lies
and things that don't make sense in
people's stories and to figure out how
to trick other people that way you can 5
be a fast talker making people see
things your way and using them to take
up the others while keeping you safe and
finally 6 distract people make people
focus on other things such as targets
that take out like the pregnant woman or
the little girl there's a lot here but
if you can get them to work you're gonna
survive Eric wins at the end and that's
for a good reason this is a very
effective strategy but what have I told
you there's a better one
all those strategies help you beat the
circle
but what about cracking the code what
about a potential guaranteed win do you
remember the start of the movie with the
girl trying different things out why
didn't she die when she took a step
outside the circle or when she touched
another person I mean that other woman
died when she stepped off so what
changed what caused her to die what
happened between the teenage girl
breaking the rules and the woman
breaking the rules this this orb and the
center of the room rose up where the
girls testing things out that orb hasn't
come out yet but by the time the woman
after her wakes up that orbits up and
ready to kill remember I pointed out in
the summary of the orb only comes up
after she starts experimenting I figured
those warnings before comes up or you
Bluff I bet as long as it orbits down
you're safe no orb means no red
lightning so the number one strategy to
actually be the circle is run just run
haul ass in G the FO but to get this to
work you need to wake up early what you
need to do is as soon as you get gas by
the aliens breathe in as little as you
can that way you wake up early before
the orb rises since you get three
warnings for breaking the rules before
you gets out you step off trigger one
warning and roadrunner let me get out of
there no muss no fuss unless you suck at
running so now would be a good time to
start working on the sprints but of
course it's not like you'll be able to
run off the spaceship but at least you
get yourself a nice hiding spot and can
plan further and maybe find a parachute
or an escape pod hold this video how to
prepare for any circles or UFOs what
gameplan are you going with BAMF stoic
survivor sympathy vote beater running
like the wind or something else tell me
in the comments and if you're wondering
what I would pick I'd go for the BAMF
not because I'm trying to be a good
person but because I'm pretty clumsy and
I'd probably fell out of my circle just
keeping it real and with that said thank
you so much for watching if you enjoy
the video leave a like down below and
subscribe to get updated on my latest
uploads